hi so I'm still Sarah from the good food
kukri team and the next one i'm going to
show you is another summary cocktail
good for a party good for a big drug
it's got cucumber in it what do we think
about cucumber sobbing you said no no
just doesn't I don't know I think
cucumber and salads not in drinks yeah
just imagine depends what you're doing
with it because if it's gonna end up
being slushy that's where I end up being
put off oh okay not then all you really
might know like this I walk everywhere
okay I'm bad yes no some people don't
like cucumber anyway bit sort of grassy
no I had cucumber with gene ah like a
chain cucumber yeah Hendricks ya allah
and rixton they've got cucumber in it
haven't it's a really good one to go
with it I don't like it's very
refreshing yeah couple of key converse
sticks like as a good stirrer yeah so we
might like this one ok Larry numbers
mine everyone bye Sookie grumbo just
want to trim the ends off it so you know
I know it's not strictly summer but to
be honest you buy cucumbers all year
round I put them in my salads all year
round so whatever and have it just like
that just really want to roughly chop it
so don't be too worried about the pieces
because sorry Sabol we all gonna make it
slushy I'm gonna save it it'll be fine
who are you using the whole cucumber
yeah the whole key cover skin and
everything because the middle bit the
seeds is great because that's got a lot
of water in that gives us all the
juiciness but for color and extra flavor
the skins really good skins got a lot of
flavor in also a lot of vitamins you
know so have a drink but you're getting
vitamins I like the logic there yeah yes
this is what basic just like a health
smoothie guys yeah
right so in with the cucumber back to my
blender so literally the whole thing in
this and then next I've got some
elderflower cordial it's like my
favorite thing this is one of my recipes
I put it in everything so everyone like
elderflower I like yes very smooth yeah
nice fresh flavors this would be great
like may times summer party times so for
a whole cucumber about 200 mil it's
quite strong and adds sweetness as well
so this is why I'm not adding any sugar
to the cucumber's you might think don't
you want some sugar going in there
because it's you know Saladin but um
blow cordials really nice and sweet so I
promise I promise you're gonna like it
so I've got the core deal in there and
then I've just got all white wine about
half a bottle so I've opened a new one
but it's a good one if you've got just a
bit left over from a bottle maybe sat in
your fridge for a couple of days and
it's a bit sort of or do I want to drink
it by itself use it in a little cocktail
like this and you'll sort of mask some
of the flavors with some extra
ingredients so if anyone has wine left
over but doesn't need to be dries we
turning could be anything could be
anything I've got quite a medium thing
here but could be anything normally
because I'm a Kiwi I've got a new
zealand south blanc in the fridge but
anything sort of fresh i wouldn't use
something like a gewurztraminer
something like really really sweet
because i think with the cucumber but it
might just be a bit true yeah I mean
especially if you had a bottle we're on
the on the flavor stuff they put it said
you know cucumber elderflower flavors
that's obviously going to be really
really perfect so perfect about half a
bottle but you know if you had a quarter
of a bottle just do whatever you want
this is also nice because quite light
it's not too alcoholic by the time I
finish with it
so let me go about half and then back to
the blender I'm hoping this one doesn't
go through that the dudes in a food
processor as well maybe just half the
batches though so it doesn't sort of go
over the top and try with this one up
like really really visit up so as fine
as you can get the cucumber
that's great ski it's so much better
than my run at home right and then a
sieve if I was doing this at home I'd
probably save it and then have to do it
again cuz I've just got you know a
normal kitchen blenders bit rough around
the edges just to get the most out of
the cucumber but I think because this
one's so strong we might only have to do
one sitting so but I'm going to make a
mess no guys sip it through I think the
color is great but is it a bit cucumber
II know it's a look that she looks quite
nice when you're sipping it through yeah
probably if you've got a wooden spoon
something like that just to help it go
through she's got a lot pulpits again
this off look it is like a smoothie
but you know you could make loads of
jugs of this in advance just have them
all in your fridge just cover them with
a bit of a ping film and then just
literally pull them out when you've got
your party and add iodice then this will
sit like you know for a couple of days
really but can you use any other spirits
instead of the wine my gin yeah yeah
definitely so just leave out the wine
completely wizard up with the
elderflower and then just add ginger
taste or add a bit of gin to each glass
and top it up with this vodka as well
maybe yeah was anyone tried that
elderflower and the cure yes Sandra
meant I'd put that in it that's so nice
if you have a juicer could you make a
get the juice from the cucumber and you
use that alone or does the flow a lot of
the flavor come from the pulp that make
things I'm noticing because you're
sipping it anyway to get rid of that
part no I definitely do that yeah i mean
i might add a little bit of pulp back in
but that's the owner senal taste like I
think it's quite nice and fresh if you
feel like you know where I'm coming from
in the glass but if you don't like the
pulp so much you could definitely use a
juicer because you're putting in a whole
qcom be getting so much flavor out of it
anyway I've got this super good saves
taking ages I think has anyone got any
New Year's Eve parties planned not yet
not yet yeah I might be going to like a
it's a friend's birthday on the musi
yeah does that make sure that they
festive musi things so looking for some
my night is to entertain me have you
been asked to bring something and I
volunteered to like make something I was
ever going to cook something warm it
something yeah and I thought the drink
is probably a little bit more whatever
little water is gonna say yeah you'll
beat you'll be the guest everyone likes
the bear
son sure well if I was doing this you
could just literally blog.really yeah I
was going to say oh yeah absolutely
sorry you go first then ol2 same like um
from the last one of this one it's not
it's like you what three four
ingredients so yeah it's not too many
like using anything syrupy or to try to
get like really expensive bits and
pieces and no I I hate those recipes
which have like four different types of
outgoing I think maybe I've got one to
show you but otherwise I've you know
especially it you just otherwise you got
to have this like massive stock cupboard
you probably put about 50 mils of each
thing in and yet you've had to buy like
five bottles spend about thirty thing
it's just not my type of cocktail yeah
yeah I mean cucumbers God what how much
is a cucumber like ATP or something this
you could do if you want to take this to
a party you could cause in a minute I'm
going to top it up with some soda so if
you mixed it all in a jug you can
literally pour it back into your empty
soda bottle but really done and then ski
boot stick in the fridge take it in a
cool bag or something make sure the host
has got some ice and sorted make sure
people like you blown over I feel like I
should have gone for some of the more
you know classic favorites first or
maybe a bit i'll try think if too early
i think probably if you don't tell them
it's got cucumber and get them to taste
at first they probably won't actually
it's just a lot of something beforehand
that makes yang at all actually try it
it's really yeah really nice it's up hi
guys cucumber cocktail no he just sent
room elderflower el de Ferran see ya Yin
they probably think the secret
ingredients boom you'd be fine I've got
about that much from that one but
honestly I could press that through more
it's just it was just taking some time
and I might pop a spoonful of that back
mainly because I quite like the flecks
of the of the skin
it's five to put tiny bit of that pulp
back in very good when I add the Saudi
you'll see but I just think it gives it
some nice like little speck so so then
it's literally just soda water and if
you like things a bit more bitter you
could use tonic or two or something I
quite like soda because it's really
cheap be it's just kind of got this
neutral flat flavor it just really adds
fears so top this one up are you putting
an equal quantity or half of it or if
I'd done the whole cucumber I probably
do it to taste but it probably needs at
least ELISA so I sort of had two liters
handy but and also you know depends how
tasty the cucumbers with all these
things I mean whenever you go to a
cocktail bar down you see the cot time
and get his store and taste it before he
gives it to you and especially with
fruit and stuff like that the flavors
just vary so much and like if you were
using lime juice like you just never
know they say juice two limes one day it
will be a bad tablespoon the next day
I'll be about 100 mils I so I would
always do it to taste right it's getting
a lot of bubbles so I just think the
colors fair but look at that I think it
might would think it was really minty or
something and then be hopefully
pleasantly surprised when they taste it
should i get rid of some other
yeah so the state it's in now if you
wanted to take it to your party or newsy
then just pour that back into the soda
bottle I would it smells as I have it
i'm going to have to taste it oh I've
already got a pint glass okay let me
okay if I go here we go we'll do a
little short one so a little bit by I
mean you really want to chill this one
up good and proper though you want it
kind of ice cold and really refreshing
so looks like that nice let's do this
okay it's good okay guys it's really
good so it's a burr ever change your
mind do you think might make a yes yeah
because I was imagining it to be really
thick with their almost like a smoothie
smoothie yeah no but actually that's
really nice kool okay that's good anyone
else gonna make hippie party I would
definitely always try it yeah and if you
had some mint some mint would be nice
and there too i think even if you don't
whiz it in I mean maybe think that looks
a bit boring so you could add yeah you
know little sprig of mint like that
that's quite cool sort of it's cool now
to add kind of nice big sprigs of mint
rather than you know like individually
picked leaves as a bit sort of 1980s
kind of when I'm food styling and stuff
I like to add like a really nice big one
you can sort of almost curl around the
glass like that so when you see it
you've got this great kind of profile it
looks really nice now just add some more
fresh flavor and always try and add the
herbs like that if you're doing them
whole add them at the last minute
because they're just going to wilt and
go a bit gunge if you add them too early
so after we like that one yes right well
you have to hold on to this recipe till
summer I think because that's the best
time though thanks guys right
you